Not all files in this repository are owned by me.  Many are simply copied here
from other sources.  This license, obviously, does not apply to those files.
The git log should make it clear which changes are mine and which come from
someone else.  If it is not clear, feel free to email me at
asmeurer@gmail.com.

Furthermore, many files here are licensed under the GPL, or a similar license
that requires licensing under the same license.  Obviously, if it is legally
required, any of my modifications are under the respective license.
Additionally, some code blocks come from StackOverflow, which means that they
must be licensed as CC-BY-SA.

With that being said, all the contents of this repository that I own and for
which I have the legal right to do so are licensed under the MIT license,
which is reproduced below:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010, 2011, 2012 Aaron Meurer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
